6023 admin UI docs for cloud dedicated (#6028)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb3/cloud-dedicated/admin/account/_index.md

---
title: View account information
seotitle: View {{% product-name %}} account information
description: >

>   Use the Admin UI for {{% product-name %}} to view information for your Cloud Dedicated account.
>   Your {{% product-name %}} account is a collection of InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated clusters and associated resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the Admin UI for {{% product-name %}} to view information for your {{% product-name omit="InfluxDB " %}} account.
  Your {{% product-name %}} account is a collection of I {{% product-name omit="Clustered "%}} clusters and associated resources.
```

menu:
  influxdb3_cloud_dedicated:
    parent: Administer InfluxDB Cloud
weight: 101
influxdb3/cloud-dedicated/tags: [clusters]
---

> Use the Admin UI for {{% product-name %}} to view information Cloud Dedicated account.
> Your InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated account is a collection of InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated clusters and associated resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Admin UI for {{% product-name %}} to view information for your {{% product-name omit="InfluxDB " %}} account.
Your {{% product-name %}} account is a collection of I {{% product-name omit="Clustered "%}} clusters and associated resources.
```

> - [Access the Cloud Dedicated Admin UI](#access-the-cloud-dedicated-admin-ui)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Access the Admin UI](#access-the-admin-ui)
```

- [View account information](#view-account-information)
- [View cluster information](#view-cluster-information)
  - [Access operational dashboards](#access-operational-dashboards)
- [Administer management tokens](#administer-management-tokens)

> ## Access the Cloud Dedicated Admin UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Access the Admin UI
```
